things that you should get ready before you deploy is gonna be your your
household stuff so what are you gonna do with your household goods
when you deploy if you're single individual more than likely you're
gonna wanna pack all that stuff up and move it into a storage unit
so that way you're not paying rent on a place that you're not living
in anymore for six seven eight months however long you're on deployment
that's money that you could essentially be pocketing in saving
also to your finances so you want to make sure your financial stuff
is in order do you have certain bills that need to be paid get those
paid off also to is there gonna be reoccurring bills that you're gonna
be responsible for paying how are you gonna pay those does it pay
automatically or do you need to set up some sort of a lot meant to
pay those wire on deployment because you may have connective itty
issues and being able to pay things on time you just you don't want
to leave any stone unturned that you're gone for an extended period
of time that when you come back you end up with a bunch of different
issues that you you didn't prepare for an advance